develop I would like
a part of the cairo I started the house quota for the colony
bicycle accident rejection and then luck is needed instead leg
that the department head
to the Montaldo column near you
econote if face or 50 60 days of chalk
practically what I was doing facebook in a world where it rains and mount with the
machine.
finished this
called parma tickets do not want to stay at home online just do not want
more work
voted to honor their work not even the lira
for a seat of 50 cm a seat 55
were it not for their works. text . flat diaper floor slowly cover of
bicycle
He also did some bicycle repairs, I had excellent knowledge
by bike
the speech
for change our state that
i know runner how to do i feel bad
a great champion your name is when you don't bless me + birth
company for a day
by bike
living that
it says it hurts my leg
in the room
I leave 3 days from Italian law. 158 55
happy holidays then cranks as on like on air on cassano
with which
he had hurt himself one could be backward
nobody and you in the leg hurts you for it.
I placed it in my little pool
2 keys placed on the leg hurts me a day later
he sent a person saying if I want to do a waistline
I did first round of Italy dalì
he was born rock
I wanted to tell you that the first in Italy
what did I do
when payment was made the first two free years
because at 20 years old
when I talk to you about 55 years ago
people when I went to work
to learn a is not that he was paid
I don't give something like lanzi - which I am 13 years old
when they started 12 years they can work do two kilos of flour 1
week
to the mechanic of the country to make you let me learn how to weld work
this was the beginning
definitely thinking about times back then
arrival anvd pd road under 50 years to arrive
but fifty years have been a sacrifice of fifty years of work
fifty years of d
honesty
because in life there is nothing in life but having a basis
prof. sbs is populating boss
a creative
I've always done something meaning to never copy anything from anyone
50 years ago
these fancy steel masterpieces
who pulled out by hand
here you could see
the real technique of the person
by hand
handcrafted key or something in your head to be creative
and to do something special
we were very few people who made me the first person to be tailored
to create teramo is measured
why
starting more in just over twenty years following the runners running
a core that instead called coppito
because I did 25 laps size 20 cents france in the dog is sick
oh understood talking to the runners about problems
the problems to be solved
think about whether to weld steel
hey we wanted the right person to solder up nice company
the capable one
after solder the silver
then he made the frame I did the tar he got the first he made you do
nnn hinged in titanium
the continuous stimulus is active
1 from the end we example from twenty years ago
ultimately bring carbon
time then
while before
oenology evenings of welding
of the perfection of the conjunction company lifenation beautiful
confirmed carbon
Where I have to go
the ferrari broke
because it was the only one
the only one is the only company I knew
those who know the world work the carbon that had been difficult to enter
but when I entered 85 86
applestore carbon the whole world has been amazed
because I said that cabbage does not exist
only after a few years when we won five semonte to which I
you
g world championships of cut and beautiful company
he realized that carbon was crazy was the future
cn life one is born to make epic fail painter
be born writes books
nymph the doctor I was born to make bicycles
I am capable only of scissors, my life is text
I tell myself I see what you have a garden for me
this is my life
I live more here than at home I do 14 15 every day
abbati vasco this morning when he was giving court the feelings 5 ​​copies
backup and then her as a collaborator because this is my white life
trouble if I wasn't there e
what I want to say that
allows easy
I am no longer a puppy I am able to pee the three islands 4 days of
rest
because I'm sick my head hurts
I must be this desk pulling out
traveling traveling or or writing
the file.
off I am already crying flying around the world sleeping little
photos last analysis notes on planes when when
who write the details I create because
that hides ideas from me because then they are born max
one is born
to do something
some private photo surgeon wheel covers photo facebook
and this opens up
what I continue what I continue to continue
it allows me to continue to be this head also this is done
because blacks there is the continuity of seriousness
and I'm transmitting it
nh